Add documentation for mTLS certificates in workers (#7371)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

---

## `mtls-certificate`

Manage client certificates used for mTLS connections in subrequests 

### `upload`

Upload a client certificate.

```sh
$ wrangler mtls-certificate upload [OPTIONS]
```

{{<definitions>}}

- `--cert` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}required{{</prop-meta>}}
  - A path to the TLS certificate to upload. Certificate chains are supported
- `--key` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}required{{</prop-meta>}}
  - A path the private key to upload.
- `--name`{{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

{{</definitions>}}

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Below is an example of using the `upload` command to upload an mTLS certificate.

```sh
$ wrangler mtls-certificate upload --cert cert.pem --key key.pem --name my-origin-cert
Uploading mTLS Certificate my-origin-cert...
Success! Uploaded mTLS Certificate my-origin-cert
ID: 99f5fef1-6cc1-46b8-bd79-44a0d5082b8d
Issuer: CN=my-secured-origin.com,OU=my-team,O=my-org,L=San Francisco,ST=California,C=US
Expires: 1/01/2025
```

> You can then add this cert as a binding in your wrangler.toml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then add this certificate as a binding in your Worker project's `wrangler.toml`:
```

Reviewer: This section is missing a sentence describing what the binding will achieve for the user. Why are they creating this binding?

---

## `mtls-certificate`

Manage client certificates used for mTLS connections in subrequests.

These certificates can be used in [`mtls_certificate` bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/mtls), which allow a Worker to present the certificate when establishing a connection with an origin that requires client authentication (mTLS).

### `upload`

Upload a client certificate.

```sh
$ wrangler mtls-certificate upload [OPTIONS]
```

{{<definitions>}}

- `--cert` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}required{{</prop-meta>}}
  - A path to the TLS certificate to upload. Certificate chains are supported
- `--key` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}required{{</prop-meta>}}
  - A path the private key to upload.

> - `--name`{{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `--name` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}
```
